# 2024-07-29
#Monday #Zhongguancun-Science-Park  #Sunny 
正常上班，早上6点就醒了。没再睡着了，6:30起床洗漱，7点开始练了一会腰腹核心力量。然后吃了早饭，还配了一点冰激凌和奥利奥，刚到办公室感觉很累。应该是起床太早的原因。还有点恶心，不知道是不是没睡好的原因还是冰激凌的原因。今天上班没什么事情，刷了一提leetcode。

# 2024-07-28
#Saturday  #East-Ou-Residential-Community  #Sunny 
After waking up, I noticed that the sparrow chick had died, so I decided to dispose of it, acknowledging that it would have likely perished on the street if I hadn't picked it up. I then did some abdominal exercises and ordered sashimi for lunch.
After dinner, I had yogurt and dragon fruit. Then, I did a leg workout and went cycling. I went to the farmers' market and bought some corn, then to Yiming and bought some milk. After resting for a while at home, I ordered takeout and did a shoulder workout. After eating, I went out for a 30-minute walk. When I came back, I did a back workout, then showered and went to bed.
A good friend asked to borrow money again. It seems that the friends I once proudly called my brothers only contact me when they need to borrow money now. I don't know why it turned out this way. Maybe it’s because everyone is struggling. Although I am not doing great, I am still better off than them in comparison. The common interests we used to share don’t bring the same joy they once did. Perhaps it’s because everyone has their own worries now. Unlike when we just graduated from high school and were pure and carefree.
I've almost given up on these pastimes. It’s not even about giving up—it's just that I don’t get the same positive feedback from them anymore. Without this shared joy, it seems I have nothing in common with them. Most things in life are not universally shared between people, even if they were close friends before. Maybe I have issues, worrying too much, but maybe it's this caution that has made my life slightly better than theirs.
饭后吃了酸奶与火龙果，然后锻炼了腿部，出去骑行。去农贸市场买了几个玉米，再去一鸣买了牛奶。回家休息了一会点了外卖再练了一会肩膀，吃完外卖出门走了30分钟，回家有练了背部肌肉。然后洗洗睡觉了。一个好朋友又问我借钱，我以前自以为豪的一帮兄弟，现在好像只有需要借钱的时候会联系我了。不知道为什么会变成这样，是不是因为大家都混的很差，虽然我也混的差，但是对比下比他们还是好了很多的，以前大家共同的喜好现在也玩不出年青时候的乐趣了。也许是大家都有了顾虑。不像高中刚毕业时候那样天真纯粹了。对于这些玩乐我差不多也已经戒了，也谈不上戒吧，因为现在去玩真的玩不出正反馈了。好像失去了这个乐子后，我与他们已经完全没有共同话题了。人和人大部分事情真的不是共通的，就算以前关系再好。也有可能也许是我自己有问题，顾虑太多，但是也许也是我有顾虑，才能让我的生活比他们好一点吧。

# 2024-07-27
#Sunday  #East-Ou-Residential-Community  #Sunny 
The typhoon is still having some effect today. I spent the morning watching videos and eating a lot of fruit and yogurt I bought yesterday. I wanted to go for a walk but decided against it due to the possibility of heavy rain. In the evening, I worked on my chest muscles. On my way out to eat, I found an injured sparrow chick on the ground. I brought it home and tried to feed it some melon, boiled egg yolk, and crushed nuts. Unfortunately, after a while, it kept its eyes closed and seemed less energetic, refusing to eat. Later, I went for a 30-minute walk, then came back, took a shower, and went to bed.


# 2024-07-26
#Friday  #Zhongguancun-Science-Park  #Typhoon
I had a normal workday today, with the typhoon still affecting the weather, causing intermittent rain. The sound of the typhoon last night affected my sleep. Despite that, I worked diligently. In the evening, I went home and watched videos.

# 2024-07-25
#Thursday  #Zhongguancun-Science-Park  #Typhoon 
I had a regular workday and was quite focused. The typhoon brought heavy rain. In the evening, I went home and worked out, focusing on my shoulders and arms.

# 2024-07-24
#Wednesday  #Zhongguancun-Science-Park  #Cloudy 
I had a regular workday today. There was a typhoon hitting Fujian, which also affected our area. During lunch, I took a 15-minute walk. In the evening, I walked home and did some ab exercises before bed.

# 2024-07-23
#Tuesday  #Zhongguancun-Science-Park  #Sunny 
I had a regular workday today. I woke up at 4 AM and couldn't fall back asleep, so I watched videos on my phone until around 7 AM. Before heading to work, I did 15 pull-ups. In the morning, I took a 15-minute break to go for a walk, and I did the same in the afternoon before finishing work. In the evening, I went for another 30-minute walk and then did some leg exercises.

# 2024-07-22
#Monday #Zhongguancun-Science-Park  #Sunny 
I had a regular workday today. In the evening, I was very tired, so I didn't exercise and went to bed early.

# 2024-07-21
#Saturday  #East-Ou-Residential-Community  #Sunny 
Today, I cooked corn and steamed eggs for breakfast. In the afternoon, I watched videos, then went out for a haircut. In the evening, I did a core workout and cooked more corn. For dinner, I ordered salmon. Later, I did another core workout, went for a 20-minute walk, and bought some sweet potatoes.

# 2024-07-20
#Sunday   #East-Ou-Residential-Community  #Sunny 
This morning, I went out for noodles, then took a walk before heading back home to watch videos. In the evening, I went for a half-hour bike ride and bought some corn. After that, I did a chest workout and spent the rest of the evening watching videos.

# 2024-07-19
#Friday  #Zhongguancun-Science-Park  #Sunny 
Today, I went to work as usual. In the evening, I watched videos at home and didn't exercise.

# 2024-07-18
#Thursday  #Zhongguancun-Science-Park  #Sunny 
Today, I went to work as usual. After work, I went for a 5-kilometer bike ride for exercise. In the evening, I did a chest workout and then took a 30-minute walk.

# 2024-07-17
#Wednesday  #Zhongguancun-Science-Park  #Sunny 
Today, I went to work as usual. The daily LeetCode problem was too difficult, so I gave up on it. After lunch, I took a 20-minute walk. At work, we discussed requirements and solutions, particularly the issue of nested tags in the automatic tagging feature.

# 2024-07-16
#Tuesday  #Zhongguancun-Science-Park  #Sunny 
Today, I went to work as usual and solved some easy problems on LeetCode. I then worked on job-related tasks. In the evening, I watched videos at home, went for a 40-minute walk, and did lower body and core exercises.

# 2024-07-15
#Monday #Zhongguancun-Science-Park  #Sunny 
Today, I thought about using my discount card to take the bus, but it charged me 2 yuan. It seems the discount card from another city cannot be used in Wenzhou; only QR codes can be used for free public transportation. During the day at work, I solved some LeetCode problems and spent half the day discussing requirements.

# 2024-07-14
#Sunday  #East-Ou-Residential-Community  #Sunny 
Today, I worked out my lower body and then went out for a bike ride.

# 2024-07-13
#Saturday  #East-Ou-Residential-Community  #Sunny 
Today, I stayed in my room watching videos, then went out for a walk. It looked like it was going to rain heavily, so I returned home and did a chest workout, but it didn't end up raining. In the evening, I went out for another walk. I decided to adjust my sleep schedule because I used to have trouble sleeping every weekend. By going out for a walk at noon and letting my brain experience the daylight, I managed to sleep normally tonight.


# 2024-07-12
#Friday  #Zhongguancun-Science-Park  #Sunny 
Today at work, I had no tasks to do, so I spent the entire day solving problems on LeetCode. In the evening, I watched videos at home.

# 2024-07-11
#Thursday #Zhongguancun-Science-Park  #Sunny 
Today at work, I had no tasks to do, so I spent the entire day solving problems on LeetCode. In the evening, I watched videos at home, went out for a walk, and did a quick core workout when I got back.

# 2024-07-10
#Wednesday #Zhongguancun-Science-Park  #Sunny 
I woke up very early, before 6 AM, and couldn't fall back asleep. Today was a productive workday. In the evening, after dinner, I watched some videos. I had planned to work out, but it was my childhood friend's birthday. Although I couldn't be there to celebrate with him, we had an online video call and drank together. I went to bed quite late, around 1 AM.

# 2024-07-09
#Tuesday #Zhongguancun-Science-Park  #Sunny 
I had a regular day at work. In the morning, I helped my brother with the deployment based on the plan we discussed yesterday. I worked diligently in the afternoon. On my way home in the evening, I bought a bunch of Shine Muscat grapes from a street vendor. After dinner, I watched the movie *No More Bets*, and then did some leg exercises. Afterwards, I rested. I didn’t have any milk tea today.

# 2024-07-08
#Monday #Zhongguancun-Science-Park  #Sunny 
I had a regular day at work, but I didn't do any company-related tasks. Instead, I spent the entire day helping my brother with changes to his server domain. I encountered some issues and discussed possible solutions with him in the evening. We also talked about life for a bit before I rested. I didn't have any milk tea today.

# 2024-07-07
#Sunday   #East-Ou-Residential-Community  #Sunny  
I watched videos in the dorm and viewed analysis and interpretations of the TV series *Dark* on Bilibili. In the evening, I did leg exercises and then went out for a bike ride. Later, I practiced the song "Without Me."I started getting cystic acne on my face again, so I'm cutting back on milk tea and sweets.

# 2024-07-06
#Saturday  #East-Ou-Residential-Community  #Sunny  
I watched videos in the dorm, including reactions to Black Wukong and similar content. In the evening, I went out for a walk. After returning home, I did core and leg exercises. Then, I watched analysis and interpretations of the TV series *Dark* on Bilibili.

# 2024-07-05
#Friday  #Zhongguancun-Science-Park  #Sunny 
Normal work day. Today, there were no work-related tasks, so I spent some time studying [The Hitchhiker’s Guide to Python! — The Hitchhiker's Guide to Python](https://docs.python-guide.org/).
After going home for dinner, I watched some videos. Then, I went out for a 30-minute walk. When I got back to the dorm, I did some light exercise, followed by a shower, and then went to bed.

# 2024-07-04
#Thursday  #Zhongguancun-Science-Park  #Sunny 
Normal work day. In the evening, I watched videos, went for a 20-minute walk, did a leg workout, and watched the TV series "Dark."

# 2024-07-03
#Wednesday #Zhongguancun-Science-Park  #Sunny 
Normal work day. In the evening, I practiced the song "Without Me" and watched two episodes of the TV series "Dark."

# 2024-07-02
#Tuesday  #Zhongguancun-Science-Park  #Sunny 
Normal work day, focused and productive. In the evening, I went home and studied Eminem's song "Without Me".I modified the blog configuration to ensure that the articles display the correct Git commit time instead of the static file build time.

# 2024-07-01
#Monday  #Zhongguancun-Science-Park  #Sunny 
Normal work day. In the evening, I went home and finished watching the fourth season of Stranger Things.